001
Welcome
success

# Missive // #001

## Welcome to the Delta System!

Now that you're part of our *family* we'd like to inform you that by signing in you've agreed to some boring legal stuff.


# Our obligations

- Ensuring the safe delivery of data intended for you.
- Guaranteeing the safety of your data.
- Making sure that our service is available as possible.

# Your obligations

- On death all property and rights owned by the Signee are to be relinquished to the Delta System.
- The Signee hereby grants the Delta System full, uninhibited intellectual property rights to any and all thoughts, dreams, daydreams, or subconscious epiphanies experienced.
- The Signee hereby grants the Delta System a perpetual, royalty-free lien on all biological tissue, genetic material, and cybernetic augmentations acquired during the Signee's lifespan starting from the date of the first sign in. In the event of termination or cessation of life functions, the Delta System reserves the right to repossess said biomatter at the Signee's expense.
- If the Signee is utilizing the Delta System via cybernetic augmentation, then during standard off-hours (00:00 to 06:00 Galactic Standard Time), the Delta System may utilize up to 35% of the Signee’s idle neural processing power for distributed quantum cloud computing. The Signee may experience mild insomnia, phantom data streams, or brief periods of unexplainable fluency in binary.
- The Signee agrees to maintain the "Always-On" firmware patch for all optical implants. Blinking for longer than 4.5 consecutive seconds, except during designated sleep cycles, will be flagged as an unauthorized transmission blackout and penalized accordingly.
- In the event that the Signee engages in time travel, they assume all financial and existential liability for accidentally erasing their own lineage. In the event of self inflicted temporal nullification or travel backward in time , your legal obligations transfer directly to your alternate-universe variants. The Delta System can and will collect damages across parallel timelines.
- The Signee is strictly forbidden from expressing regret, sadness, or existential angst  about this contract in the presence of organics, synthetics, or sentient plant-life.

---

> Thank you so much for choosing the Delta System as your primary information aggregate, communications platform! We're so happy you have you on board and hope your usage of our services continue for as long as you wish to exist. As our customer, its important that you know our number one priority is ensuring your data reaches you safetly and securely. Wherever you are. So we'll be keeping an eye or twenty on you from now on to make sure no matter what, that we know where to send your information. Thank you for choosing the Delta System!
